Alertmanager: Unregister tenant-specific metrics when the configuration is removed (#3507)
cortexproject/cortex: CHANGELOG.md

## master / unreleased

* [CHANGE] Querier: deprecated `-store.max-look-back-period`. You should use `-querier.max-query-lookback` instead. #3452

> * [CHANGE] Alertmanager: Tenant-specific metrics will be unregistered when the alertmanager configuration is removed. #XXXX

Reviewer: **suggestion(non-blocking):** 
```suggestion
* [CHANGE] Alertmanager: Per-tenant metrics will be unregistered when the alertmanager configuration for a tenant is removed. #3507
```

`s/Tenant-specific/Per-tenant/g`

* [CHANGE] Blocks storage: increased `-blocks-storage.bucket-store.chunks-cache.attributes-ttl` default from `24h` to `168h` (1 week). #3528
* [FEATURE] Distributor/Ingester: Provide ability to not overflow writes in the presence of a leaving or unhealthy ingester. This allows for more efficient ingester rolling restarts. #3305
* [ENHANCEMENT] Added zone-awareness support on queries. When zone-awareness is enabled, queries will still succeed if all ingesters in a single zone will fail. #3414

> * [CHANGE] Alertmanager: Tenant-specific metrics will be unregistered when the alertmanager configuration is removed. #3507

Reviewer 2: We've just cut `1.6.0-rc.0`. Could you rebase `master` and move the CHANGELOG entry to the top, under the "master / unreleased" section, please?
